W-19815295 Integration Intelligence Beta (#422)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/include-integration-intelligence-setup.adoc

. Read the beta service terms and agreements, and click *Got it*.
. On the *Integration Intelligence Setup Assistant* page, follow the setup steps in order:
.. <<set-up-data-cloud,Set up Data Cloud>>
.. <<connect-with-anypoint-platform,Connect with Anypoint Platform>>
.. <<enable-telemetry-data,Enable Telemetry Data>>
.. <<enable-ii-in-anypoint-platform,Enable Integration Intelligence in Anypoint Platform>>
.. <<enable-seamless-login,Enable Seamless Login>>
.. <<install-integration-intelligence,Install Integration Intelligence>>

// end::ii-salesforce-setup[]

// tag::set-up-data-cloud[]

Connect your Salesforce organization to Data Cloud. Data Cloud is the storage and processing layer for Integration Intelligence. It ingests MuleSoft telemetry data from your selected business group into a Data Cloud data space.

. In the *Data Cloud* section, click *Setup*.
+
For information about setting up Data Cloud see https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=data.c360_a_set_up.htm&type=5[Set up and Maintain Data Cloud]. 

// end::set-up-data-cloud[]

// tag::connect-with-anypoint-platform[]

> Complete the connection between your Salesforce organization and Anypoint Platform so Salesforce can ingest MuleSofttelemetry data from your selected business group into Data Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Complete the connection between your Salesforce organization and Anypoint Platform so Salesforce can ingest MuleSoft telemetry data from your selected business group into Data Cloud.
```
